.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guide

Thanks for showing interest in this project!  
You can help by **fixing the code** or **reporting bugs**. (Currently not looking for any contributions in adding feature, but will soon look for)

### How to Contribute

1. **Fork** this repository.
2. **Make your changes** (fix).
3. **Commit and push** the changes.
4. **Create a Pull Request** with a short explanation.

# Issues Guide

- Have questions? Create an [issue](https://github.com/obitouka/InstagramPrivSniffer/issues).  
- Found a bug? Open a [bug issue](https://github.com/obitouka/InstagramPrivSniffer/issues) or contribute a fix as mentioned above.  
- Want to add or request a feature? Open [add or request feature issue](https://github.com/obitouka/InstagramPrivSniffer/issues) first to discuss the idea and get approval before you start working on it. 
- For privacy or legal issues, **don’t open a public issue**. Please email me at **obitouka@protonmail.com** with the necessary details. I will respond as soon as possible.
  
> **Privacy Note:** Do **not include real Instagram usernames or screenshots of personal data** in issues.  
> Use placeholders like `<username>` instead.

**Suggestions and feedback are always welcome**

Commit message:

- Update Contributing and Issues - Add new issue template i.e. "question" - Disable blank issues

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guide

Thanks for showing interest in this project!  
You can help by **fixing the bug**. (Currently not looking for any contributions in adding feature, but will soon look for)

### How to Contribute

1. **Fork** this repository.
2. **Make your changes** (fix).
3. **Commit and push** the changes.
4. **Create a Pull Request** with a precised explanation.


# Issues Guide

- Have questions? Create a [question issue](https://github.com/obitouka/InstagramPrivSniffer/issues).  
- Found a bug? Open a [bug issue](https://github.com/obitouka/InstagramPrivSniffer/issues) to report or contribute a fix.  
- Want to add or request a feature? Open [add or request feature issue](https://github.com/obitouka/InstagramPrivSniffer/issues) first to discuss the idea and get approval before you start working on it. 
  

> [!IMPORTANT]
> - **Privacy Note:** Do **not include Instagram usernames or screenshots of personal data** in issues. Blur it or use placeholders instead.
> - For any legal or privacy issues, **don’t open a public issue**. Please email me at **obitouka@protonmail.com** with the necessary details. I will respond as soon as possible.

**Suggestions and feedback are always welcome**
